NXDOC-2490: draft polymer and future of web ui (#2007)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/web-ui/polymer-guide.md

 "Makes testing your web components a breeze!"
 - [Polymer Projects](https://github.com/abdonrd/PolymerProjects)
 "List of projects made with Polymer"

## Polymer and the Future of Web UI

Nuxeo Web UI will keep investing in the Web Components standard. The Polymer library, used by the Nuxeo Web UI components, will remain for the foreseeable future. There are multiple reasons to that choice.

### Tried and Tested
We work in long investment cycles of 5 years and more. The Web UI solution is established and has been strongly adopted. We have continued upgrading and strengthening the product since the initial release. We will keep investing in Web UI and accompany this product over the long term, as per our commitment to our clients and community.

### Web Standards Architecture

> WebUI remains a modern architecture as it uses Web Components standards. As we look to the longer term, any replacement of Nuxeo Web UI will take on many of the current architectural features to facilitate migration and adoption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web UI remains a modern architecture as it uses Web Components standards. As we look to the longer term, any replacement of Nuxeo Web UI will take on many of the current architectural features to facilitate migration and adoption.
```

 "Makes testing your web components a breeze!"
 - [Polymer Projects](https://github.com/abdonrd/PolymerProjects)
 "List of projects made with Polymer"

## Polymer and the Future of Web UI

Nuxeo Web UI will keep investing on the Web Components standard and our plan is to keep using Polymer in order to build them for the foreseeable future. There are multiple reasons to that choice.

### Tried and Tested
Tried and tested, we work in long investment cycles 5 years, solution that is established, we do not intend to reduce our investment on WebUI and accompany this tech over the long term, as per our commitment to our clients and community  

### Actually Relies on Web Standards
We use web standards, Polymer is a library, still widely used, we do not anticipate breaking issues and have not encountered any. WebUI remains a modern architecture. Gives us maximum flexibility, but of a tried and tested base with a strong ecosystem around it.

### Still Being Used
Polymer is still used in the market. We have ready replacements, but still position that Polymer is the best solution to the problem of delivering a high-performance front end in content services.

> Polymer itself is still being maintained for the foreseeable future, and it is still used by big websites, such as YouTube. Its successor, the Lit Element library, can mostly be seen as a subset of Polymer because most of the features Polymer implements are now part of the Web standards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Polymer itself still has a very strong user base, including industry leading such as YouTube. Its successor, the Lit Element library, can mostly be seen as a subset of Polymer because most of the features Polymer implements are now part of the Web Components standards. We can readily shift components to Lit, if required by a technical issue, with little or no effort for our clients. 
```
